APS-2673: Changes to Readme.md and contribute.md (#116)
bcgov/gwa-cli: README.md

# GWA CLI

[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=gwa-cli&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=gwa-cli)
[![img](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lifecycle-Stable-97ca00)](https://github.com/bcgov/repomountie/blob/master/doc/lifecycle-badges.md)

> **NOTE:** This tool is going through rapid development and could change often. Check back for updates.

> `gwa` is a tool for composing, validating and generating Kong Gateway configuration files from OpenAPI (aka Swagger) specs and managing Kong Plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gwa` is a tool for composing, validating and publishing Gateway configuration files to the BC Government's [API Services Portal](https://api.gov.bc.ca).
```

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Personally, I don't think line separators are necessary.

> ## Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation

```
Add a line break after headings to improve readability.

> To get started with `gwa`, follow the detailed instructions provided in the DevHub [how-to](https://dev.developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/aps-infra-platform-docs/how-to/gwa-install/) guide. This guide covers all the steps required to install and configure the tool on your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with `gwa`, follow the instructions provided in the DevHub
[installation](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/aps-infra-platform-docs/how-to/gwa-install/) guide.
```
Simplify.

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Usage

### Use `--help`

> To make the most out of the `gwa` tool, you can use the `--help` command to get detailed information on its various commands and options. Here's how you can use it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the most out of the `gwa` tool, you can use the `--help` option 
to get detailed information on its various commands and options. Here's how you can use it:
```

> #### Basic Usage of `--help`
> The `--help` flag can be used with any command within the `gwa` tool to display information about that command, including its purpose, options, and examples.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is redundant with the first sentence in this section. Avoid unnecessary deeper-level headers

> 1. **General Help**: To get an overview of all available commands, simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **General Help**: To get an overview of all available commands, run:
```
See https://github.com/bcgov/aps-infra-platform/blob/b311688b534d628f4456242efa60bce2725c7735/documentation/contribute/style-guide.md?plain=1#L468

    ```sh
       gwa --help
    ```
    This will list all the primary commands and provide a brief description of each.
       

> 2. **Command-Specific Help**: To get detailed information about a specific command, use `--help` with the command in question. For example, if you want to learn more about the gateway command, you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Command-Specific Help**: To get detailed information about a specific command, use `--help` with the command in question. For example, if you want to learn more about the `gateway` command, you can run:
```

    ```sh
       gwa gateway --help
    ```

>     This will provide detailed information about the gateway command, including its syntax, options, and examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This will provide detailed information about the `gateway` command, including its syntax, options, and examples.
```

> ### Explore CLI commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Online documentation
```
These docs are just the full `help` output from `gwa` in another format.

> Learn how to effectively use `gwa` by exploring the available CLI commands and their options. Refer to the comprehensive DevHub [CLI commands page](https://dev.developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/aps-infra-platform-docs/reference/gwa-commands/) for detailed instructions and examples on how to utilize the tool for your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore `gwa` commands in an easy-to-read reference format on the DevHub 
[CLI commands page](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/aps-infra-platform-docs/reference/gwa-commands/).
The content on this page is the same as the `--help` output.
```
Shorted but also note we should generally point to `developer...` not `dev.developer`.

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Contact / Support Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support
```

If you need support or have any questions about using `gwa`, you can reach out to our team in the following ways:

### Rocket.Chat

> Create an account on [Rocket.Chat](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/join-bc-rocket-chat/) and join the [#aps-ops](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/aps-ops) channel. Rocket.Chat is a community platform where you can connect with our team and other users. In this channel, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rocket.Chat is a community platform where you can connect with our team and other users. 
Create an account on [Rocket.Chat](https://docs.developer.gov.bc.ca/join-bc-rocket-chat/) and join the [#aps-ops](https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/aps-ops) channel. 
In this channel, you can:
```

- Ask questions
- Share feedback
- Get real-time support
- Engage with other users who might have similar questions or use cases

> ### GitHub Issue Tracker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GitHub issue tracker
```

Alternatively, if you prefer asynchronous communication or need to report a bug, request a feature, or provide feedback, please use our GitHub [issue tracker](https://github.com/bcgov/gwa-cli/issues). On our GitHub issue tracker, you can:

- File new issues for bugs or feature requests
- Track the status of reported issues
- Contribute to discussions on existing issues
- View the roadmap and planned enhancements

By using either of these methods, our team will be able to assist you promptly and effectively. We are committed to ensuring you have a positive experience with `gwa` and are here to answer any questions you might have.

> ---
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Want to contribute?

> This section provides a direct [link](https://github.com/bcgov/gwa-cli/blob/main/contribute.md) to the document outlining how you can contribute to our project. Whether you are looking to add new features, fix bugs, or provide feedback, this guide will walk you through the necessary steps and requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/bcgov/gwa-cli/blob/main/contribute.md) for more info on how to make contributions to this project.
```
Keep it simple
